NORTH Korea reportedly scrambled in a 48 hour panic to set up an event to prove Kim Jong-un was alive as rumours continue to swirl around his health. Pyongyang officials are claimed to have hastily arranged for the dictator to visit the grand opening of a fertiliser factory - which is said to be unfinished and inoperable. Kim vanished for more than 20 days - sparking rumours he was ill, or even dead - before he reappeared at the start of May. State media released pictures of him beaming as he toured the new industrial complex in Sunchon, complete with a ceremonial cutting of the ribbon. Reports have now emerged that this event was actually mysteriously and suddenly arranged just two days before it happened - and nobody knew Kim was going to be there, reports Daily NK. North Korea is notoriously secretive, and it is very hard to know exactly what occurs within its borders without explicit confirmation from the regime. Fresh reports of this 48 hour panic to stage a big event for Kim's reappearence adds further mystery to his apparent disappearance. And this is despite South Korea insisting he is fine, was just riding out the coroanvirus pandemic. Satellite photos appeared to show he was in the seaside city of Wonsan as his armoured train was spotted, but the US repeatedly said they had not seen Kim. It has now emerged a sudden order was sent by one of North Korea's top government committees on April 28. Women and children were mobilised to plant flower beds and clean the roads within the factory grounds. North Korea authorities have reportedly given factory chiefs until October to get the plant working. Kim's reemergence appears not to be business as usual as North Korea suggests, but a carefully crafted publicity stunt for the dictator. South Korea has insisted all is well with Kim, but questions and theories loom over his health - such as a mysterious "needle mark" on his arm and credible reports China sent a medical team to advise on him. Flurries of reports emerged from the US, Japan, South Korea and China - all of them saying the same thing, something is wrong with Kim. Meanwhile, North Korea is believed to be constructing a new missile base able to house 15 of his nuclear-capable Hwasong-15 weapons. Mintaro Oba, a former US official who worked on North Korea, told ABC: "The blunt truth is that we can speculate all we want about where Kim Jong-un was and why he disappeared, but we simply don't know. And with South Korea claiming Kim was hiding from the coronavirus, that raises more questions as North Korea continues to boast it has zero cases of the infection. Meanwhile, days after he reappeared North and South Korea exchanged fire over the heavily fortified DMZ that separates the two nations - driving home the fact the region remains on a knife edge. 